# Fake News spreaders Detection 
Repository for "Countering the Spread: A Deep Learning approach to identify Misinformation Spreaders in Social Media" 

## Repository structure

The repository contains the following folders and files:

* **model**: contains the implementation of the model, the training and evaluation scripts for the full dataset, and the pretrained weights. More information on how to run it can be found in the [README.md](model/README.md) placed on the folder.
* **temporalmodel**: contains the implementation of the model, the training and evaluation scripts for the temporal experiments, and the pretrained weights. More information on how to run it can be found in the [README.md](temporalmodel/README.md) placed on the folder.
* **preprocessing_tweet_embs**: contains the textual feature extraction for the tweets. It assumes that the tweets are in a MongoDb generated by the tweet download tool. 
  * **01-Text_Tokenizer.ipynb**: tokenizes the tweets for their analysis.
  * **02-Text-Bert-Torch.ipynb**: generates the embeddings using BERT and stores them in the MongoDB.
  * **02-Text-ST.ipynb**: generates the embeddings using Sentence Transformers and `'all-mpnet-base-v2'` and stores them in the MongoDB.
  * **03-To_Files.ipynb**: extracts the embeddings from the MongoDB and stores them into files, as expected by our model.
* **environment.yml**: the file describing the exact conda environment used for the experiments.
* **data**: contains the full user and tweet graph, the train/test user partition for the first evaluation scenario, the slot partition including the tweets shared in each slot and the corresponding users, different sets of user features and the user scores at each slot.
	* **score_slot**: features sets per slot.
		* *all_features*: user_stats, liwc, personality, punct, tweet_stats, readability, sentiment.
		* *tree*: tree_height, tree_size, tree_avg_similarity_root_st, tree_avg_similarity_all_st, tree_avg_similarity_replies_st, tree_reciprocity, tree_avg_time_reply_root,tree_avg_time_all_edges
		* *nn*: nn_h-index, nn_tweet_mean_time, nn_user_reciprocity_all, nn_user_reciprocity', nn_average_similarity_first_st, nn_average_similarity_last_st, nn_average_similarity_first-last_st
 	
* **results**: contains the tables for each of the proposed RQs:
	* *table_RQ1*. Extended version of Table 1 with more metrics.
	* *table-RQ1-varying-information*. Results for RQ1 varying the information available at inference time.
	* *table_RQ1-threshold07*. Results for RQ1 considering a threshold for spreader definition of 0.7.
    * *table_RQ1-threshold07*. Results for RQ1 considering a threshold for spreader definition of 0.3.
    * *RQ1-analysis-of-mistaken-classifications*. Folder with boxplots of divergences across feature sets and user groups.
	* *RQ1-feature-contribution*. Folder with boxplots showing the contribution of each feature/feature set to the classification of different user groups.
	* *table_RQ2*. Extended version of Table 2 with more metrics and more variants.
	* *RQ2-feature-selection-charts*. Folder with correlation and boxplot charts of feature correlations and distribution of correlations.   
	* *table_RQ3*. Extended version of Table 3 with more metrics.
	* *table_RQ3-graph*. The results for the time slots when considering the full user behaviour for determining whether they are spreaders.
	
	
	

